one of the things you know about the web
and about searching with Google is that
there's a lot of different stuff out
there there are web pages their images
their videos there's all kinds of stuff
out there and one of the things I want
you to learn from this class is that you
should be checking out the options that
are beyond what you just ordinarily
think about let me show you what I mean
as you can see here there are lots of
different kinds of content on Google and
we try to blend that different kind of
web results into the search results page
so what you see here is that there's a
set of results for the query resume so
suppose you're searching for a resume
and you see there in the middle there's
a set of images that we've clustered
together and put into the middle there
that's giving you a hint that maybe you
should go beyond just the web page what
I mean by that is that sometimes looking
beyond just the usual kind of web search
results will give you really interesting
insights into what your problem is one
thing to remember also is that at the
bottom of the page there are sometimes
what we call the related searches so
here we can see for our query resume
that there are resume templates how to
write a resume cover letters and so on
these are suggestions that you might
consider checking out as other ways to
phrase your query now the key point of
this lesson is that there are other
kinds of media so for example when you
do a query for resume you might just
think of well I'm looking for webpages
about resumes and how to make a resume
but in fact if you go and look at images
of resumes you'll see this huge variety
of different kinds of results that are
really going to be interesting now look
what you could see is that we've done
our query for a resume and clicked on
the Images tab at the very top there's a
scrolling list this horizontal scrolling
list of clusters of different kinds of
image results here you can see we've got
examples resume templates job resumes
and so on so what we're doing is not
only showing you images of resumes but
also finding groups
of kinds of images of resumes that you
might consider clicking into perhaps the
best way for me to show this is just to
do it live so let me do this search for
resume now the resume searches that are
related are here at the bottom you see
that I've scrolled all the way down and
you can see those are related searches
but now I'm going to click on the Images
tab right there and you can see our
clusters across the top the examples
templates and so on and you can see
there are lots of different kinds of
examples here so sometimes an image
search is exactly the thing you want to
do now remember this is true for other
kinds of queries as well so remember our
query about sagittario that sort of
plant thing we looked at earlier here
I've done the regular web search and you
can see the results these should look
just like what you've seen before but
suppose we do a video search for
sagittario yes there are videos about
this plant and these are videos showing
you how to plant it in your aquarium and
so on
there are even news items about subject
area about interesting new ecology
results about the invasiveness of a
subject area whatever but consider
checking out these other media types
there's even a set of results for
shopping because yes in fact sometimes
you want to buy this thing so my point
is not that anyone is particularly
better than the other but sometimes
looking across media types can give you
real insight into your question let me
show you one other kind of other media
kind that might be really interesting
for you suppose I have a question like
how to replace my bike chain now here
are the results for it but you notice
that the very first two results are
videos so in fact if we click on videos
in the tab here you'll see a lot of
different examples and sometimes it's
useful to look at different examples of
videos so you can see it from this angle
or that angle or something but my point
is sometimes checking out the different
media kinds will give you different
insights let me do one more
how to cook a pizza so here we see there
are some inserted results here at the
very top but even more images more
webpages and we've included little
images you can see kind of what you're
getting into but if we click on videos
there's probably going to be a ton of
videos there's going to be a ton of
shopping results a ton ton of images and
you get the idea even something as
simple as a how-to query can sometimes
be made better by looking at the images
of the videos or whatever my point here
is that sometimes getting outside the
box is it really really useful thing to
do and your next query your next
challenge on your own consider checking
out these other kinds of media because
there's a lot of stuff out there
